hey Steph here have you ever pulled a
shirt out of your closet and you know
it's clean and you haven't worn in a
while but it doesn't have that fresh
smell well here's one way you can keep
your clothes smelling clean and fresh
all the time by making a hanging sashay
here's how to do it start with an 18 by
18 piece of breathable fabric I used
muslin lay it right suck down fold a
double hem on the bottom press it flat
with the iron then pin off to the sewing
machine so your bottom hem down now the
bottom hem is done fold a double hem on
both sides iron it flat then pin repeat
the same steps on the opposite side so
both sides down flip your fabric right
side up so the seams are down then fold
up the bottom about three-quarters of
the way up so the three quarters
finished edge together on both sides
this will make one large pocket flip the
fabric right side out make sure to poke
the bottom corners out completely the
unfinished edge will naturally want to
fold in so help it out iron the edges
down flat and so down for a finished
look to create the pockets measure and
pin so next to the pins in a straight
line to divide the fabric you can create
as many pockets as you want two or three
is the most common I chose to do two
pockets cut six even lengths of twine or
ribbon six inches is sufficient you'll
be sewing three of the type pieces to
the pocket area and three more to the
flap so a back-and-forth stitch to
secure the twine or ribbon in place
place your choice of smell goods in each
pocket I chose cedar blocks fold flap
over the hanger and tie the twine or
ribbon together if using a type of twine
or ribbon that will fray tie a knot on
each end and there you have it this can
also be used as a convenient travel bag
to find these instructions click on any
time fun